Even though yesterday
it might have sucked
for Hannity,
it helped his ratings,
because everyone tuned in
to see what creative excuse
he'd come up with
to explain
his Michael Cohen relationship.
And the answer was,
it's complicated.
Let me set the record straight,
here's the truth:
Michael Cohen never represented
me in any legal matter.
I never retained his services.
I never received an invoice.
I never paid Michael Cohen
for legal fees.
I did have
occasional brief conversations
with Michael Cohen--
he's a great attorney--
about legal questions I had
where I was looking for input
and perspective.
He-he wasn't your lawyer?
He just answered
your legal questions?
How do you not know
the definition of "lawyer"
when your head
is shaped like a dictionary?
How do you not know this?
Seriously, giving legal input
and perspective
is exactly what a lawyer does.
Hannity might as well
have come out and said,
"He was just my lawyer
but just the tip.
Just the tip, guys.
Just the tip."
Now, what-what people
are really wondering is this,
whatever legal advice was,
why didn't Hannity get it from
his regular attorney, right,
instead of turning to a guy
who's specifically known
for paying off mistresses?
Why did he go to him?
But, according to Hannity,
baby, this is
not what it looks like.
To be absolutely clear,
they never involved any matter,
any-- sorry to disappoint
so many--
matter between me,
a third party,
a third group at all.
And our... my questions
exclusively almost focused
on real estate.
Wow, he really slipped
in the "almost" there.
Did you hear it? Yeah?
It was super quick.
He was like, "All my questions
to Michael Cohen
"were exclusively almost
real estate.
Exclusively almost.
Exclusively almost."
Yeah, he sounds like the voice
at the end of those medical ads.
"Zyrnax is exclusively
almost side effect-free.
Exclusively almost."
You can't say
"exclusively almost."
"Exclusively almost"
is the kind of phrase
that makes people ask
more questions.
If someone tells you that
they exclusively almost have sex
with adults, you're not hiring
them to babysit your kids.
That's not what you're thinking
of right now.
But, okay, fine,
okay, fine, Hannity claims
he was just getting some
informal real estate advice
from Michael Cohen, which makes
what he said a few hours earlier
on his radio show
all the more confusing.
Okay, okay.
Okay, whoa, whoa. No, no.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Okay, wait.
So he's not your lawyer.
All you had was a few chitchats
about real estate,
but you definitely want
attorney-client privilege.
Yeah, you definitely want that.
What the... did you bury
under that house?
No, I'm just saying,
I've had a lot of conversations
about real estate.
At the end of it,
I never went,
"This never happened."
And, you know, what gets me
is-is how casually
Hannity is trying to minimize
his connection to Michael Cohen,
like it means nothing,
especially when,
every other day of the year,
he's the guy who can bake
a conspiracy cake out
of nothing more than an egg
and the word "Hillary."
Let's talk about a family
responsible for actual crimes.
We'll call it the head of
the notorious political cabal,
of course,
Bill and Hillary Clinton,
the Clinton crime family.
If we're gonna go
to crime families,
let's look
at the Mueller crime family.
And, well, this is near and dear
to Comey's heart.
We'll call it
"The Comey Crime Family."
I like
how Hannity puts a question mark
at the of each one
just to cover his ass.
He's like, "I didn't say
Mueller runs a crime family.
I just said,
'Mueller runs a crime family?'"
(laughter)
Well, you know what, folks?
I have a theory of my own,
and I-I honestly think
that it's gonna bust this whole
Hannity-Michael Cohen story
wide open.
Get ready
to have your minds blown because
I believe... I've uncovered
a complex criminal network.
My theory is
that Sean Hannity is a client...
of Michael Cohen.
(laughter)
(cheers and applause)
Look, we may never know
the true nature
of Hannity
and Cohen's relationship,
but what we do know is that
as someone is discussing Cohen
and his case on the air,
Hannity should have been
more transparent, right?
He should have said something
about it.
In fact,
what Hannity did was so shady,
even when he tried to talk
about other things on his show,
his own guests had
to call him out.
And please do enjoy.
A foreign national using, uh,
Russian sources,
of all things, to get it--
is that a crime
in Alan Dershowitz's book?
Well, first of all, uh,
Sean, I do want to say
that I really think
that you should have disclosed
your relationship
with, uh, Cohen when you talked
about him on this show.
I think it would have been,
uh, much, much better
had you disclosed
that relationship.
You were in a difficult
situation, obviously.
If you understand
the nature of it, Professor.
-Yeah. Yeah. -I'm gonna deal
with this later in the show.
-Yeah. No, I understand.
-It was minimal.
I put out a statement about it.
I know. I understand.
You should have said that,
and that would have been fair
to say
-that it was minimal. Look,
you were... -That's fine...
You had the right, by the way,
-not to have your identity
revealed. -I do, don't I? I have
-the right to privacy. I do.
-Right, but, you know,
it's a complex situation. When
you're speaking to millions of
-people, I think you should...
-It was such a minor...
Professor,
it was such a minor relationship
-in terms of that it had to...
-You should have said that.
"You-you should have said that.
You should have said that."
(applause and cheering)
"You should have said that."
(applause and cheering continue)
That was priceless.
And keep in mind,
this guy Alan Dershowitz--
he isn't...
he isn't a hater, right?
He's been a vocal defender
of President Trump
and a frequent guest
on Hannity's show.
That's how you know
that this is bad for Hannity.
He's getting called out
by someone on his own team.
You know what
this reminded me of? It's, uh...
It reminded me of the one
deleted scene from Star Wars
when the stormtroopers
called out their boss.
Now we can finally destroy
the rebels.
Sir, real quick.
We all think
you should have disclosed
your relationship
-with Luke Skywalker.
-What?
I barely know the guy.
He's not even my son.
It's more like
a baby-mama thing.
Sir, sir,
you should have told us.
This isn't a big deal. Ugh!
I have a right to privacy!
If it wasn't a big deal,
why didn't he tell us?
STORMTROOPER #2:
What a dick.
(laughter)
Yeah, it's true.
That scene was exclusively
almost from Star Wars.